# Distribution Plot
I used the bar plot to demonstrate both the variability present in the neural network model results as well as that large affect an outlier could have on such a small MSE value. While some parts of the bar plot are squished, thats the entire point, to showcase how small one's error range and STDev is next to the other. In addition, I wanted to highlight the limited range of the data as well, making this an ideal visualization. This might have been done in a bell curve distribution plot, but I felt this allowed for a better side by side comparison. One major challenge here is that because the MSE varries so greatly, the scale is hard to grasp and some components felt squashed, but I left it in as I felt that highlighted the point. In addition, I feel like this requires some context, but not much due to the labels. (Code is in model/produceplots.py)
# MSE_Scatter Plot
I used the scatter plot to demonstrate the exponential explosion in error as the model complexity of the regression model increased. This might have been done with a logarithmic graph, but I felt like the exponential curve clearly present demonstrates the direction of this data far better. The biggest challenge here is representing this properly. The MSE past 4 becomes exponentially larger (degree 5 has an average MSE of around 600k), and I struggled to find a way to represent that in an intuitive way. This plot will definitely need context of the project and what MSE is as a whole, as well as the experimentation done to determine these values, to make sense. (Code is in model/quadraticRegression.py)